SPLAT-709: tech preview zonal IPI installation on vSphere (#54549)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/installation-vsphere-zones-prerequisites.adoc

[id="installation-vsphere-zones-prerequisites_{context}"]
== Prerequisites Specific to Multiple Failure Domains

* All failure domains must share a common layer 3 network

> * Tag categories `openshift-region` and `openshift-zone` are created in vCenter.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* You created tag categories `openshift-region` and `openshift-zone` in vCenter.
```
reworded for consistency with the other prerequisite language. Is this correct?

> * Tags are applied to datacenters and compute clusters representing the name of their associated region and/or zone. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Datacenters and compute clusters have tags representing the name of their associated region and/or zone. 
```
rewording to avoid passive voice

> For example, if `datacenter-1` represents `region-a` and `compute-cluster-1` represents `zone-1` then a tag of category `openshift-region` with a value of `region-a` is applied to `datacenter-1`.  Addtionally, a tag of category `openshift-zone` with a value of `zone-1` is applied to `compute-cluster-1`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For example, if `datacenter-1` represents `region-a` and `compute-cluster-1` represents `zone-1`, then a tag of category `openshift-region` with a value of `region-a` is applied to `datacenter-1`.  Addtionally, a tag of category `openshift-zone` with a value of `zone-1` is applied to `compute-cluster-1`.
```

> +

Reviewer: Remove this `+` as well as the `+` on line 16.
